Add document for Provision volumes from cross namespace data sources (#37802)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/storage/persistent-volumes.md

same namespace, except for core objects other than PVCs. For clusters that have the feature
gate enabled, use of the `dataSourceRef` is preferred over `dataSource`.

## Cross namespace data sources
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.26" state="alpha" >}}

Kubernetes supports cross namespace volume data source.

> To use cross namespace volume datasource, you must enable the `AnyVolumeDataSource` and `CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource`
> [feature gate](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use cross namespace volume data sources, you must enable the `AnyVolumeDataSource` and `CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource`
[feature gates](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) for
```

same namespace, except for core objects other than PVCs. For clusters that have the feature
gate enabled, use of the `dataSourceRef` is preferred over `dataSource`.

## Cross namespace data sources
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.26" state="alpha" >}}

Kubernetes supports cross namespace volume data sources.
To use cross namespace volume data sources, you must enable the `AnyVolumeDataSource` and `CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource`
[feature gates](/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates/) for
the kube-apiserver, kube-controller-manager.
Also, you must enable the `CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource` feature gate for the csi-provisioner.

> Enabling the `CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource` feature gate allow you to specify a namespace in the dataSourceRef field.

Reviewer: (nit)
```suggestion
Enabling the `CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource` feature gate allow you to specify a
namespace in the `dataSourceRef` field of a PersistentVolumeClaim.
```

same namespace, except for core objects other than PVCs. For clusters that have the feature
gate enabled, use of the `dataSourceRef` is preferred over `dataSource`.

> ## Cross Namespace Volume Data Source and data sources

Reviewer 2: Reword to "Cross namespace data sources"

* The `dataSourceRef` field may contain different types of objects, while the `dataSource` field
  only allows PVCs and VolumeSnapshots.

When the `CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource` feature is enabled, there are additional differences:

* The `dataSource` field only allows local objects, while the `dataSourceRef` field allows objects in any namespaces.  

> * When namespace is specified, dataSource and dataSourceRef are not synced.

Reviewer 2: Add the backticks for `dataSource` and `dataSourceRef`

* The `dataSourceRef` field may contain different types of objects, while the `dataSource` field
  only allows PVCs and VolumeSnapshots.

In case of enabling the `CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource` feature gate, there are three important differences between the `dataSource` field and the `dataSourceRef` field that users should be aware of: .

* While the `dataSource` field only allows two specific types of objects, the `dataSourceRef` field allows any non-core object, as well as PersistentVolumeClaim objects.
* While the `dataSource` field ignores disallowed values (dropping them), the `dataSourceRef` field preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified.

> * While the `dataSource`field only allows local objects, the `dataSourceRef` field allows objects in any namespaces.

Reviewer 2: I think the first 2 are repeats of L979-L983.

Probably can reword this to say something like

```
When the CrossNamespaceVolumeDataSource feature is enabled, there are additional differences:
 
* The `dataSource`field only allows local objects, while the `dataSourceRef` field allows objects in any namespaces.  
* `dataSource` and `dataSourceRef` are not synced.
```

Author: Thank you for suggestion. Fixed https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/37802/commits/7cfe0a3f71a8d53f981052ab2c5864c771ce3230

responsibility of that populator controller to report Events that relate to volume creation and issues during
the process.

## Provision of PersistentVolumeClaims from VolumeSnasphot in other namespaces

> {{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.26" state="alpha" >}}

Reviewer 2: I think it would be good to incorporate this section into the "Data source references" above.

Author: I see. Fixed https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/37802/commits/ae77a57a131507e2958d4ac11fe290c70392f66b

* While dataSource ignores disallowed values (dropping them), dataSourceRef preserves all values, and generates an error if a disallowed value is specified.
* While dataSource only allows local objects, dataSourceRef allows objects in any namespaces.

Note that when a namespace is specified, a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant object is required in the referent namespace to allow that namespace's owner to accept the reference. See the ReferenceGrant documentation for details.

### Create a ReferenceGrant

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1beta1
   kind: ReferenceGrant
   metadata:
     name: bar
     namespace: default
   spec:
     from:
     - group: ""
       kind: PersistentVolumeClaim
       namespace: ns1
     to:
     - group: snapshot.storage.k8s.io
       kind: VolumeSnapshot
       name: new-snapshot-demo
   ```

### Create a PersistentVolumeClaim from a Volume Snapshot in other namespace

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: v1
   kind: PersistentVolumeClaim
   metadata:
     name: foo-pvc
     namespace: ns1
   spec:
     storageClassName: example
     accessModes:
     - ReadWriteOnce
     resources:
       requests:
         storage: 1Gi

>      dataSourceRef2:

Author: Fixed.

>      dataSourceRef2:

Reviewer 2: I don't see the fix. Did you reupload?

>      dataSourceRef2:

Author: Sorry, I mistake. I fixed now.

responsibility of that populator controller to report Events that relate to volume creation and issues during
the process.

### Using Cross Namespace Volume Data Source
{{< feature-state for_k8s_version="v1.26" state="alpha" >}}

Create a gateway.networking.k8s.io/ReferenceGrant to allow the namespace owner to accept the reference.

> Users create a populated volume by referring cross namespace volume data source using the `dataSourceRef` field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You define a populated volume by specifying a cross namespace volume data source using the `dataSourceRef` field. You must already have a valid ReferenceGrant in the source namespace:
```

   ```yaml
   apiVersion: gateway.networking.k8s.io/v1beta1
   kind: ReferenceGrant
   metadata:
     name: allow-ns1-pvc
     namespace: default
   spec:
     from:

>      - group: ""

Author: Because PersistentVolumeClaim API is core API

>      - group: ""

Reviewer: (don't tell _me_ - tell the readers!)

responsibility of that populator controller to report Events that relate to volume creation and issues during
the process.

### Using Cross Namespace Volume Data Source

> 

Reviewer 2: Can you add the feature gate tag here, and also add an example of the ReferenceGrant?

Author: Add feature gate tag and example.
